[DEVX-1134] Document IDE Integrations (#578)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/ide-integrations/vscode.md

---
id: vscode
title: saucectl with visual studio code
sidebar_label: Visual Studio Code
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## What You'll Need

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [YAML Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

## JSON Schema Validation

Visual Studio Code can help you edit the `saucectl` configuration files by providing helpful suggestions, autocompletion and docs; all without having to leave the IDE.

> Our JSON schema is published to the [JSON Schema Store](https://www.schemastore.org/json/) which is made available to Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our JSON schema is published to the [JSON Schema Store](https://www.schemastore.org/json/), which is made available to Visual Studio Code.
```

> By default, JSON Schema validation *only* works with JSON files, not YAML. So make sure to have the YAML extension installed or this will not work.

Reviewer: Do you want to make this a caution callout?

Author: I should! Thanks 😄 👍

> By default, JSON Schema validation *only* works with JSON files, not YAML. So make sure to have the YAML extension installed or this will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
By default, JSON Schema validation *only* works with JSON files, not YAML. So make sure to have the YAML extension installed or this will not work.
:::
```

Reviewer: For your convenience. Or if you're doing it locally, just ignore me. :)

> Next, ensure that the YAML Extension downloads schemas automatically from the Schema Store.
> Simply check the Visual Studio Code settings and verify that `yaml.schemaStore.enable` is set to `true`. Please add this entry to the settings, if you can't find it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the YAML Extension downloads schemas automatically from the Schema Store by 
checking the Visual Studio Code settings to confirm that `yaml.schemaStore.enable` is set to `true`. If this entry does not exist, add it.
```

> If your `saucectl` config yaml is stored in a `.sauce/` folder, Visual Studio Code will automatically apply the schema to all yaml files contained in that folder and no further action is required.

Reviewer: Nice!

> You should now be able to see the docs for various attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now be able to see the docs for various attributes:
```
